---
layout: post
title:  "New job"
author: "Marta Mazurkiewicz"
tags: ux research personal
subtitle: I was thinking for a while that maybe one day I would switch to UX Research. I didn't expect that it would happen so fast.
---

I was thinking for a while that maybe one day I would switch to UX Research. I didn't expect that it would happen so fast. This year, even this month. One day is now, and here I am, UX Researcher!<br/>
<br/>
UX Design without research is just incomplete. But research can live without design. On the one hand, it is exciting to be a UX Designer because you go through all the design stages. You do a little bit of everything. I was afraid that I would miss it, even though I wanted to focus more on my research skills. Being "only a researcher" terrified me a bit.<br/>
<br/>
On the other hand, as a UX Designer, you're dependent on the first phase - research. You can't go any further without that (if you're a mature UXer). It builds my ego that the research phase is probably most important because a good understanding of the problem is already half of success. What's more, I feel the most confident in it.<br/>
<br/>
For now, I entered a new world. I've been working in OLX Group since the beginning of July. The environment is multicultural, and the company has so many talented people on board! Among them, much focus is on the research only.  I'm very excited that I have experienced colleagues to learn from. I've already used new tools - User Zoom and Dovetail, which look promising. I even was a notetaker during some of the interviews. However, onboarding is a bit slow because of much new information to absorb.<br/>
<br/>
Anyway, more updates from my research life will come soon!
