---
layout: post
title:  "Summary of 2021"
author: "Marta Mazurkiewicz"
tags: UX personal research
subtitle: Time goes by very fast. Before I knew it, and this year was over. So it's time for a summary.
---
Time goes by very fast. Before I knew it, and this year was over. So it's time for a summary.<br/>
<br/>
<h5>I finished my coaching studies</h5><br/>
That was a fascinating few months. I'd learned a lot and remembered the knowledge I gained during my psychological studies. I even had my first serious client, but I didn't feel confident and strong enough to continue that job with others. In the upcoming year, I want to prepare more for that role.<br/>
<br/>
<h5>I created my website</h5><br/>
I'm super proud of this. Even if it's not perfect, I did it with my own hands. I changed each of the pixels here. I wrote many posts to document my UX journey and share thoughts with you. I'll continue writing notes, and I can assure you that there will be a lot of posts to read.<br/>
<br/>
<h5>I changed the job</h5><br/>
After three years of working in SoftwarePlant, I was ready for a new challenge. I admit that I couldn't imagine a better workplace. It's been half a year I've been in The OLX Group's Research Team. I designed and carried out the first serious research on my own. And there is more to come. <br/>
<br/>
<h5>I took second place at the HackPrague hackathon</h5><br/>
In October, I went with my boyfriend to the [HackPrague hackathon](https://www.hackprague.com/hackathon2021). With two other guys, we created an app to match potential flatmates based on their spendings. I focused on the research and some parts of the UX design. [Watch the video promoting our solution!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Be0AuRnbBIo)<br/>
<br/>
<h5>I co-hosted a webinar</h5><br/>
I've never done it before. The topic was motivation to use one of our major competitors. Not only was the topic important for the Research Team, but for the Business as well. It went pretty well. I learned how to use Zoom for webinars function and entertain the publicity with storytelling. I must practice that more.<br/>
<br/>
<h5>I was a Design Sprint facilitator</h5><br/>
You can read more about it [here](http://marta-mazurkiewicz.com/2021/11/20/remote-design-sprint.html).<br/>
<br/>
<h5>I've read many books</h5><br/>
Among them, I would love to recommend '[The culture map](https://erinmeyer.com/books/the-culture-map/)' by Erin Meyer. The author presents intercultural differences and similarities on several levels, like feedback or punctuality. One country cannot be characterized without reference to another. Always one country has a greater or lesser intensity of a given feature to another country.<br/>
<br/>

2022, what are you preparing for me for the upcoming months? I'm already creating a list of my goals!
